{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helv{\*\falt Arial};}
{\f165\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f166\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f168\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f169\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f170\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f171\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f172\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title 2006}{\author jimenezr}{\operator jimenezr}{\creatim\yr2006\mo5\dy22\hr17\min33}{\revtim\yr2006\mo5\dy22\hr17\min33}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords829}{\nofchars4729}{\nofcharsws5807}{\vern8269}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale150\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri-30\nowidctlpar\tx1440\faauto\rin-30\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs18 Modified: 05/04/2006
\par }{\b\fs32 Lexmark 5400 Series Read Me file 
\par }{\b\fs16\cf2 
\par }{\b\fs28\cf2 Contents:
\par }{\fs20\cf1 -General Information
\par -Windows XP/2000
\par -Windows 98/ME
\par }{\fs20 
\par }{\b\fs28\cf2 General Information
\par }{\b\fs16\cf1 
\par }{\b\cf1 The Lexmark Solution Center
\par }{\fs20\cf1 The first place to turn for assistance is the Lexmark Solution Center. This software is your complete guide to printing ideas, troubleshooting, maintenance, and other advanced options. To find the Lexmark Solution Center:
\par -From the Windows Start menu, select Programs.
\par -Select Lexmark 5400 Series.
\par -Select Lexmark Solution Center.
\par -Explore the various topics available.
\par }{\b\cf1 
\par }{\fs16 
\par }{\b\cf1 No communication with All-In-One}{\b\fs28\cf1 
\par }{\fs20\cf1 If communications problems occur while printing/copying through a USB Hub, remove the Hub and connect your All-In-One directly to the computer.  If communications errors persist, please follow these steps:
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri-30\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\faauto\rin-30\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\cf1 -Unplug your All-In-One Power Supply for 30 seconds.
\par -Plug the Power Supply back in. 
\par -Make sure the All In One is turned on.
\par -Restart your computer.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri-30\nowidctlpar\tx1440\faauto\rin-30\lin0\itap0 {\fs16\cf1 
\par }{\b\cf1 Print quality and color issues
\par }{\b\fs20\cf1 Print outs are too dark or fuzzy
\par }{\fs20\cf1 Some software applications have their own half toning and color correction methods. If possible, disable these functions in the application. Generally, the Lexmark 5400 Series driver's half toning a
nd color correction methods produce better results.
\par }{\b\fs16\cf1 
\par }{\b\cf1 Spool formats
\par }{\fs20\cf1 The different spool formats supported include LEMF, RAW,
 and EMF. The Lexmark 5400 Series is designed to work best with the LEMF spool format. The other formats can cause unpredictable results and should only be used when LEMF mode fails to print correctly. 
\par }{\fs20 Note: Changing the Default Data type while some applications are open can result in printing problems. For best results, close all applications before changing this setting.
\par }{\fs16\cf1 
\par }{\b\cf1 "Out of Memory" message with high print quality}{\cf1 
\par }{\fs20\cf1 If you receive this message while using Best print quality, try using Normal print quality instead.  If you encounter memory problems during high resolution scanning, try scanning at lower resolution.
\par }{\b\fs20\cf1 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx1440\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b Peer-to-Peer Installation Considerations
\par }{\fs20 In a Windows workgroup environment, Peer-to-Peer installation of the driver requires user authentic
ation. Since there is no centralized repository of user accounts (as there is in a domain), each user must have an account on each workgroup machine (same username, same password).
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri-30\nowidctlpar\tx1440\faauto\rin-30\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\cf1 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs16\cf1 \page }{\b\cf1 Borderless Printing}{\fs20\cf1 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\cf1 Some applications do not support borderless printing,
 and may put margins on your output even if you correctly choose a borderless paper size from the Lexmark 5400 Series Printing Preferences.  Particular applications may require the user to change the Page Setup to remove margins, select an option that exp
ands the image to fit the page, or alter other settings in the application.  Other applications impose margins on all output, and will not support borderless printing.  Use your application's Print Preview option to check on your output before printing.}{
\fs20 
\par }{\fs16 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri-30\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx1440\faauto\rin-30\lin0\itap0 {\b\cf1 Bi-directional support
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri-30\nowidctlpar\tx1440\faauto\rin-30\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\cf1 If your printer is not functioning correctly, go through Printer Properties for your Lexmark 5400 Series and insure that bi-directional support is turned on.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs16\cf1 
\par }{\fs16\cf2 
\par }{\b\fs28\cf2 Windows XP/2000}{\fs28\cf2 
\par }{\b\fs16\cf1 
\par }{\b\cf1 Increasing Computer\rquote s Memory 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20 Making sure you have at leas
t 128 MB of RAM and setting Virtual Memory Initial Size to at least 300MB will eliminate many printing problems. You should also set the Virtual Memory Maximum Size to at least 512MB. Check your Windows Help system on your PC for information on how to do 
this.
\par -Start menu, select Help
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs16\cf1 
\par }{\b\cf1 Application specific Issues 
\par }{\fs20\cf1 
In Adobe PhotoShop 5.x, if you are logged into Windows 2000 as a user without administrator access, when you choose the Print, CMYK Setup, Profile Setup, or Profile to Profile command PhotoShop returns the error, "Could not complete the [command name] com
mand because of a disk error." This is a known Adobe Photoshop issue.
\par }{\fs16\cf2  
\par }{\b\fs28\cf2 Windows 98/ME
\par }{\b\fs16\cf1 
\par }{\b\cf1 Appearance of printer dialogs and All-In-One Center
\par }{\fs20\cf1 The All-In-One Center is optimized for a Desktop Area of 800 x 600 pixels with Small Fonts.  Setting the display to 256 colors or less may cause unpredictable results with the 5400 Series All-In-One center. 
\par }{\b\fs16\cf1 
\par }{\b\cf1 Details tab, Spool Settings options}{\cf1 
\par }{\fs20\cf1 There are a
 number of options that are selectable on this tab that operate independently of the printer driver or are not supported by the driver. Windows provides some of the options on this tab. Although you may be able to select these options, they may operate in
dependently of the printer driver or may not be supported by the driver.
\par }{\b\fs20\cf1 Note: You must use \'93Enable bi-directional support.\'94 If bi-directional support is disabled, you will be unable to print}{\fs20\cf1 .
\par }{\fs16\cf1 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b Peer-to-Peer or Direct Network Printing and Scanning
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 A reboot m
ay be required to enable peer to peer printing in Windows 98.  If additional problems are encountered while attempting to print or scan; the Microsoft Windows DCOM98.exe may be required.  This executable may be downloaded from Microsoft website (}
{\field{\*\fldinst {\fs20 HYPERLINK "http://www.microsoft.com" }{\fs20 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b3400000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e006d006900630072006f0073006f00660074002e0063006f006d002f000000}}}{\fldrslt {\fs20\ul\cf2 www.microsoft.com}}}{\fs20 )

\par }{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\cf1 Changing Desktop Properties
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20\cf1 
When changing Windows schemes using the Desktop Properties you may encounter problems due to system limitations.  If you are unable to change schemes, please right-click
 on the Lexmark Imaging Studio icon in the system tray and choose the Exit option.  Change your Windows schemes and reboot to restore your system.}{\f9\fs20\cf1 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs16 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs16\cf1 
\par }{\b\fs28\cf1 Keep in Touch!\tab 
\par }{\b\fs16\cf1 
\par }{\fs18\cf1 WWW Site:\tab http://www.lexmark.com
\par Internet (FTP):\tab ftp://ftp.lexmark.com\tab \tab [logon with guest id]
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par Windows, Windows 98, Windows Me, Windows 2000, Windows XP are trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corp.
\par Adobe Photoshop is a trademark or registered trademark of Adobe Systems, Inc.
\par All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.}{\fs18 
\par }}