{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe2052{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f0\fs20 MICROSOFT SOFTWARE SUPPLEMENTAL LICENSE TERMS\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 LANGUAGE INTERFACE PACK FOR WINDOWS 7\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\tx360\b0 Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of its affiliates) licenses this supplement to you. If you are licensed to use a version of Microsoft Windows 7, (for which this supplement is applicable) (the \ldblquote\b Software\b0\rdblquote ), you may use the supplement. This supplement contains computer software and may include associated media, printed materials, online or electronic documentation, and Internet-based services (collectively, the \ldblquote\b Components\b0\rdblquote ). You may use a copy of this supplement with each validly licensed copy of the \b Software\b0 .\par
The following license terms describe use terms for the \b Components\b0 . These terms and license for the \b Components\b0  apply to your use of the \b Components\b0  and the use terms agreement (either from Microsoft or some other entity) under which you have previously licensed the \b Software\b0  (\ldblquote\b Software License Terms\b0\rdblquote ). If there is a conflict these supplemental license terms apply.\par
\b By using this supplement, you accept these terms. If you do not accept them, do not use this supplement.\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\tx360 If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 1.\tab INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.\b0  You may reproduce, install and use one copy of the \b Components\b0  on your licensed computer.\par
\b\caps 2.\tab ADDITIONAL LICENSE REQUIREMENTS AND OR/OR USE RIGHTS\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\caps0 a.\tab\b0 If you are (a) a government or government agency, (b) an accredited educational institution, (c) a government-affiliated or government-sponsored cultural or language board, or (d) a government-affiliated or government-sponsored cultural or language institution, and before you begin any redistribution you go to go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=148454 to complete a registration process, Microsoft additionally grants you the limited and non-exclusive right to redistribute unaltered copies of the \b Components\b0  (\ldblquote redistributable components\rdblquote ), subject to the following terms:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sb120\sa120\tx1080\'b7\tab You may only redistribute the redistributable components to validly licensed users of the Software, and you may not market or charge for the redistributable components.\par
\'b7\tab You will not redistribute redistributable components so that any part becomes subject to an excluded license. An excluded license is any license that requires, as a condition of use, modification and/or distribution of software subject to the excluded license, that such the software be (a) disclosed or distributed in source code form; (b) licensed for the purpose of making derivative works; or (c) redistributable at no charge.\par
\'b7\tab You will not modify, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or change the file name of redistributable components.\par
\'b7\tab Your\cf1  redistribution of the redistributable components must be\cf0  \cf1 in the form received from Microsoft, without additional third party marketing, offerings or other information.\cf0  You will not remove, modify, or interfere with the license terms agreement (\ldblquote License Terms\rdblquote ) and/or the License Terms acceptance process/functionality included by Microsoft with any redistributable component.\par
\'b7\tab You will not alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in the redistributable components.\par
\'b7\tab You will not use Microsoft\rquote s trademarks in your programs\rquote  names or in a way that suggests your programs come from or are endorsed by Microsoft.\par
\'b7\tab You shall not make any claims, warranties, or representations with respect to the redistributable components and will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Microsoft from any claims, including attorneys\rquote  fees, related to the distribution or use of your redistribution of redistributed components.\par
\'b7\tab You are responsible for any and all costs associated with any of your activities related to redistributable components.\par
\'b7\tab You are responsible for obtaining any governmental approvals required for your redistribution activities.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b b.\tab\b0 Bolded terms used in this Supplemental License and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the \b Software License Terms\b0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\caps 3.\tab Additional Rights and Limitations\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\caps0 a.\tab\b0 If the \b Software\b0  was licensed to you by Microsoft or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries, the limited warranty (if any) included in the \b Software License Terms\b0  applies to the \b Components\b0  provided that the \b Components\b0  have been licensed to you within the term of that limited warranty. However, this Supplemental License does not extend the time period for which that limited warranty is provided.\par
\b b.\tab\b0 If the Software was licensed to you by an entity other than Microsoft or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries, then (a) \ldblquote Manufacturer\rdblquote  under the Software License Terms is not a party to this Supplemental License and has no obligation under this Supplemental License to provide support for the Components, (b) this Supplemental License in no way amends or alters the Software License Terms\b . If the Software was licensed to you by an entity other than Microsoft or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries, then the following two paragraphs also apply:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\'b7\tab\ul\b DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY\ulnone . The \caps components\caps0  are licensed \ldblquote as-is.\rdblquote  You bear the risk of using them. Microsoft gives no express\cf2  \cf0 warranties, guarantees or conditions. You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws which this agreement cannot change. To the extent permitted under your local laws, Microsoft excludes the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.\par
\b0\'b7\tab\ul\b LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES\ulnone . You can recover from Microsoft and its suppliers only direct damages up to U.S. $5.00. You cannot recover any other damages, including consequential, lost profits, special, indirect or incidental damages. This limitation applies to: anything related to the COMPONENTS, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs, and claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law. It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b0 EULAID:Win7_RM.0_LIP_RTL_en-us\par
}