3Com End User Software License Agreement
----------------------------------------

IMPORTANT: Read Before Using This Product

YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS BEFORE
INSTALLING AND USING, THE USE OF WHICH IS LICENSED BY 3COM
CORPORATION (3COM) TO ITS CUSTOMERS FOR THEIR USE ONLY AS SET FORTH
BELOW.  INSTALLING OR USING ANY PART OF THE SOFTWARE INDICATES THAT
YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE
SOFTWARE.  YOU SHOULD RETURN THE ENTIRE PRODUCT WITH THE SOFTWARE
UNUSED TO THE SUPPLIER WHERE YOU OBTAINED IT. 

LICENSE: 

3Com grants you a nonexclusive, nontransferable (except as specified
herein) license to use the accompanying software program(s) in
executable form (the Software) and accompanying documentation (the
Documentation), subject to the terms and restrictions set forth in
this Agreement. You are not permitted to lease, rent, distribute or
sublicense (except as specified herein) the Software or Documentation
or to use the Software or Documentation in a time-sharing arrangement
or in any other unauthorized manner. Further, no license is granted
to you in the human readable code of the Software (source code).
Except as provided below, this Agreement does not grant you any
rights to patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, or any
other rights with respect to the Software or Documentation. Subject
to the restrictions set forth herein, the Software is licensed to be
used on any workstation or any network server owned by or leased to
you, for your internal use, provided that the Software is used only
in connection with a 3Com adapter. You may reproduce and provide one
(1) copy of the Software and Documentation for each such workstation
or network server on which the Software is used as permitted
hereunder. Otherwise, the Software and Documentation may be copied
only as essential for backup or archive purposes in support of your
use of the Software as permitted hereunder. Each copy of the Software
and Documentation must contain 3Com's and its licensors' proprietary
rights and copyright notices in the same form as on the original. You
agree not to remove or deface any portion of any legend provided on
any licensed program or documentation delivered to you under this
Agreement.

ASSIGNMENT; NO REVERSE ENGINEERING: 

You may transfer the Software, Documentation and the licenses granted
herein to another party in the same country in which you obtained the
Software and Documentation if the other party agrees in writing to
accept and be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If
you transfer all copies of the Software and Documentation to the
party or you must destroy any copies not transferred. Except as set
forth above, you may not assign or transfer your rights under this
Agreement. Modification, reverse engineering, reverse compiling, or
disassembly of the Software is expressly prohibited. However, if you
are a European Community (EC) resident, information necessary to
achieve interoperability of the Software with other programs within
the meaning of the EC Directive on the Legal Protection of Computer
Programs is available to you from 3Com upon written request.

EXPORT RESTRICTIONS: 

You agree that you will not export or re-export the Software,
Documentation or other technical data received hereunder (or any
copies thereof) (collectively “Technical Data”) or any products
utilizing the Technical Data in violation of any applicable laws or
regulations of the United States or the country in which you obtained
them or where you reside. In addition, the Technical Data covered by
this Agreement may contain data encryption code which is unlawful to
export or transfer from the United States or Canada without an
approved US Department of Commerce export license and/or appropriate
foreign export or import license. You are responsible for obtaining
any licenses to export, re-export or import the Technical Data. In
addition to the above, Technical Data may not be used, exported or
re-exported (i) into or to a national or resident of any country to
which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (ii) to any one on the U.S.
Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the
U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders.

TRADE SECRETS; TITLE: 

You acknowledge and agree that the structure, sequence and
organization of the Software are the valuable trade secrets of 3Com
and its suppliers. You agree to hold such trade secrets in
confidence. You further acknowledge and agree that ownership of, and
title to, the Software and Documentation and all subsequent copies
thereof regardless of the form or media are held by 3Com and its
suppliers. 

UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT LEGENDS: 

The Software, Documentation and any other technical data provided
hereunder is commercial in nature and developed solely at private
expense. The Software is delivered as Commercial Computer Software as
defined in DFARS 252.227-7014 (June 1995) or as a commercial item as
defined in FAR 2.101(a) and as such is provided with only such rights
as are provided in this Agreement, which is 3Com's standard
commercial license for the Software. Technical data is provided with
limited rights only as provided in DFAR 252.227-7015 (Nov. 1995) or
FAR 52.227-14 (June 1987), whichever is applicable.        

TERM AND TERMINATION: 

This Agreement and license will expire fifty (50) years from the date
that you install the Software and Documentation, if it is not
terminated earlier. You may terminate it at any time by destroying
the Software and Documentation together with all copies and merged
portions in any form. It will also terminate immediately if you fail
to comply with any term or condition of this Agreement. Upon such
termination you agree to destroy the Software and Documentation,
together with all copies and merged portions in any form.       

LIMITED WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:

All warranties and limitations of liability applicable to the
Software are as stated on the Limited Warranty Card or in the product
manual, whether in paper or electronic form, accompanying the
Software.   Such warranties and limitations of liability are
incorporated herein in their entirety by this reference.     

GOVERNING LAW: 

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
California, U.S.A. excluding its conflicts of laws principles and
excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods.   

SEVERABILITY:

In the event any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability
of any of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected
or impaired and a valid, legal and enforceable provision of similar
intent and economic impact shall be substituted therefor.    

ENTIRE AGREEMENT:

This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement
between you and 3Com and supersedes all prior agreements, whether
written or oral, with respect to the Software and Documentation, and
may be amended only in a writing signed by both parties. Should you
have any questions concerning this Agreement or if you desire to
contact 3Com for any reason, please contact the 3Com subsidiary
serving your country, or write:      

3Com Corporation, Customer Support Information, 5400 Bayfront Plaza, 
Santa Clara, CA 95052

3Com is a registered trademark of 3Com Corporation. 
3Com Corporation
5400 Bayfront Plaza, P.O. Box 58145
Santa Clara, CA 95052-8145
(408) 326-5000

Copyright 1999, 3Com Corporation. All rights reserved

(%VER LICENSE.TXT - 3Com Software License Agreement V 4.2d )
