{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f34\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f35\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f38\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f39\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f40\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f41\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f47\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f50\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f51\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f53\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f54\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f55\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f56\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}
{\f57\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\qr \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f2\fs20\cf1\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{
\s5\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs22\cf1\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}{\s16\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 List;}{\*\cs17 \additive 
\ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs18 \additive \ul\cf12 \sbasedon10 FollowedHyperlink;}{\s19\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\cf1\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 Body Text 3;}{
\s20\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw20 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw20 \aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext20 xl24;}{\s21\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw20 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw20 \aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext21 xl25;}{\s22\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw20 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw20 
\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext22 xl26;}{\s23\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw20 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw20 
\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw20 \aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext23 xl27;}{\s24\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw20 
\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw20 \aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext24 xl28;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-1520149284\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0
\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01*;}{\levelnumbers;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 }{\listname ;}\listid-2}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid-2
\listoverridecount1{\lfolevel\listoverrideformat{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 
\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li360 }}\ls1}}{\info{\title ###############################################################}{\author Unknown}{\operator Lynn Taylor}{\creatim\yr2001\mo10\dy11\hr15\min51}{\revtim\yr2001\mo10\dy11\hr15\min53}
{\printim\yr2001\mo9\dy17\hr10\min10}{\version3}{\edmins2}{\nofpages8}{\nofwords1773}{\nofchars10107}{\*\company LucasArts}{\nofcharsws12412}{\vern8247}}\margl1319\margr1319 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {##############################################################
\par 
\par LucasArts Entertainment Company LLC
\par }{\b\i\cf1 Star Wars}{\i\cf1\super \'ae}{\cf1  }{\b\cf1 Galactic Battlegrounds}{\cf1 \'99 
\par }{Version 1.0
\par 
\par ##############################################################
\par 
\par Thank you for playing }{\b\i Star Wars}{ }{\b\cf1 Galactic Battlegrounds}{. We
\par recommend that you read this file to get the most up to date
\par information about installing, running and playing the game.
\par 
\par Be sure to check the LucasArts web site at www.lucasarts.com
\par for the latest information related to }{\b\i Star Wars}{ }{\b\cf1 Galactic
\par Battlegrounds}{.
\par 
\par ##############################################################
\par 
\par System Requirements
\par -------------------
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx2160\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {Computer
\par --------
\par 100% DirectX compatible computer required.
\par 
\par }{\cf1 CPU
\par ---
\par Pentium II or Athlon class 233 MHz or faster CPU required.
\par Pentium II or Athlon class 300 MHz or faster recommended.
\par 
\par Memory
\par ------
\par 32 MB or higher RAM required. 64 MB RAM recommended.
\par 64MB required, 96 MB RAM recommended for Windows 2000 and XP.
\par 
\par Graphics Card
\par -------------
\par 2 MB graphics card required. 
\par 4 MB graphics card recommended.
\par }{
\par CD-ROM
\par ------
\par Quad speed CD-ROM drive required.
\par 
\par Sound Card
\par ----------
\par 100% DirectX compatible 16-bit sound card required.
\par 
\par }{\cf1 Input Device
\par ------------
\par 100% DirectInput compatible keyboard or mouse required.
\par 
\par }{DirectX
\par -------
\par Microsoft }{\cf1 DirectX 8.0a is}{ included on this CD and may need
\par to be installed to play }{\b\i Star Wars}{ }{\b Galactic Battlegrounds}{.
\par 
\par NOTE: Your system may require the "latest" Windows drivers
\par for your particular hardware.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx2160\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {OS
\par --
\par }{\b\i Star Wars}{ }{\b Galactic Battlegrounds}{ supports Windows 95, 98,
\par 2000 or ME as your operating system. MS-DOS, Windows 3.1x,
\par Windows NT 3.x, Windows NT 4.0, Linux and OS/2 are not
\par supported. }{\b\i Star Wars}{ }{\b Galactic Battlegrounds}{ is compatible
\par with Windows XP.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\cf1 Installation
\par ------------
\par Installation requires 500 MB free hard drive space. It is
\par recommended that you have an additional 75 MB of free space
\par available for the Windows swap file.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par Multiplayer Support
\par -------------------
\par }\pard\plain \s19\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx1800\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\cf1\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f2 Pentium II or Athlon class 266 MHz or faster recommended
\par for Multiplayer.
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par Local Area Network Play
\par -----------------------
\par Supports up to 8 players via IPX or TCP/IP Local Area Network.
\par 
\par Internet Play
\par -------------
\par Supports up to 8 players via 28.8Kbps or faster connection.
\par 
\par Modem-to-Modem Play
\par -------------------
\par Supports 2 players via 28.8Kbps or faster modem.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\cf1 
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Direct Serial Play
\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1 ------------------
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Supports 2 players via Null Modem Cable.
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par 
\par ##############################################################
\par 
\par General Information
\par --------------------
\par 
\par If Launcher Screen is Too Large for Screen
\par -------------------------------------------
\par If your font size is set to "Large Fonts," the launcher will
\par appear to be twice as large as it should be and you may not be
\par able to see all of the launcher buttons. We suggest you set
\par your fonts to "Small" to see the entire launcher.
\par 
\par To do so:
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin360\itap0 {
Right-click on your desktop
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin360\itap0 {Click on "Properties"

\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin360\itap0 {Click on the "S
ettings" tab
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin360\itap0 {
Click on the box under "Font size" near the bottom
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin360\itap0 {Click on "Small Fonts"

\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin360\itap0 {
Click on the "OK" button at the bottom of the window
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par 
\par Desktop Color Palette
\par ---------------------
\par We recommend that you set your desktop to High Color (16 bit)
\par color.  When playing }{\b\i Star Wars}{ }{\b Galactic Battlegrounds}{ with
\par your desktop set to a color palette other than 16-bit, you
\par may experience various problems while running the game.
\par 
\par 
\par Task Switching
\par --------------
\par We recommend that you do not task switch while the opening
\par movie is running or during screen transitions while playing
\par }{\b\i Star Wars}{ }{\b Galactic Battlegrounds}{. You may experience various
\par minor issues when task switching from these locations.
\par 
\par 
\par CTRL-ESC
\par --------
\par We recommend that you do not use CTRL-ESC while playing
\par }{\b\i Star Wars}{ }{\b Galactic Battlegrounds}{.
\par 
\par 
\par Installing }{\b\i Star Wars}{ }{\b Galactic Battlegrounds}{
\par -------------------------------------------
\par Insert the }{\b\i Star Wars}{ }{\b Galactic Battlegrounds}{ CD into your 
\par CD-ROM drive. The Launcher screen will open automatically
\par unless Autoplay is disabled. If it does not, double-click
\par on the My Computer icon, then the CD-ROM icon. This should
\par bring up the launcher menu. If it does not, double-click 
\par o}{\cf1 n Battlegrounds.}{exe in the window that opens. Click on the
\par top button from the following options and the installer 
\par will guide you through the installation process. }{\cf1 Installation
\par requires 500 MB of free hard drive.}{
\par 
\par 
\par Running }{\b\i Star Wars}{ }{\b Galactic Battlegrounds}{
\par ----------------------------------------
\par }{\cf1 To run the game, click on your Start Menu, select Programs,
\par then LucasArts, then }{\b\i Star Wars}{ }{\b Galactic Battlegrounds}{\cf1  and click
\par on }{\b\cf1 Play }{\b\i Star Wars}{ }{\b Galactic Battlegrounds}{\cf1 . This will bring up
\par the Launcher screen. Click on }{\b\cf1 Start Game}{\cf1  on the launcher and 
\par it will begin the game.
\par 
\par }{Although it is possible to run the executable directly off of
\par the CD, we recommend that you use the shortcuts the installer
\par creates in the Start Menu or the shortcut to }{\b\i Star Wars}{ }{\b Galactic
\par Battlegrounds}{\b\i , }{which is created on the desktop during custom
\par installation. Running the executable directly from the CD may
\par cause the game to run more slowly while it accesses the CD much
\par more often.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\cf1 Keyboard Commands
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx3240\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf1 -----------------
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx4320\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f2\fs20 Unit Commands:\tab }{\f2\fs20 \~
\par Attack Ground\tab T
\par Convert\tab C
\par Defensive Buildings\tab N
\par Delete Unit\tab DEL
\par Economic Buildings\tab B
\par Garrison\tab G
\par Heal\tab Y
\par Military Buildings\tab V
\par Pack\tab P
\par Repair\tab R
\par Set Gather Point\tab I
\par Stop\tab S
\par Unload\tab L
\par Unpack\tab U
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 
\par Game Commands:\tab }{\f2\fs20 \~
\par Alliance\tab ALT+D
\par Chat Dialog\tab ALT+T
\par Display Game Time\tab F11
\par Display Statistics\tab F4
\par Display Technology Tree\tab F2
\par Flare\tab ALT+F
\par Go to Airbase\tab CTRL+A
\par Go to Animal Nursery\tab CTRL+B
\par Go to Carbon Processing Center\tab CTRL+C
\par Go to Command Center\tab H
\par Go to Command Center\tab Extra Mouse Button 1
\par Go to Food Processing Center\tab CTRL+F
\par Go to Fortress\tab CTRL+D
\par Go to Heavy Weapons Factory\tab CTRL+H
\par Go to Jedi Temple\tab CTRL+J
\par Go to Last Notification\tab HOME
\par Go to Mech Factory\tab CTRL+M
\par Go to Next Idle Military Unit\tab ,
\par Go to Next Idle Military Unit\tab Player may set this key
\par Go to Next Idle Worker\tab .
\par Go to Next Idle Worker\tab Player may set this key
\par Go to Next Resource Building\tab /
\par Go to Next Resource Building\tab Extra Mouse Button 2
\par Go to Nova Processing Center\tab CTRL+N
\par Go to Ore Processing Center\tab CTRL+O
\par Go to Research Center\tab CTRL+R
\par Go to Selected Object\tab SPACE
\par Go to Shipyard\tab CTRL+Y
\par Go to Spaceport\tab CTRL+S
\par Go to Troop Center\tab CTRL+T
\par Go to Turret\tab CTRL+V
\par Go to War Center\tab CTRL+W
\par Jump to Gather Point\tab BACKSPACE
\par Jump to Gather Point\tab J
\par Mini-Map Combat Mode\tab ALT+C
\par Mini-Map Economic Mode\tab ALT+R
\par Mini-Map Normal Mode\tab ALT+N
\par Objectives\tab ALT+O
\par Return to Previous View\tab BACKSPACE
\par Options\tab F10
\par Pause Game\tab F3
\par Review Chat Message Backward\tab PAGE UP
\par Review Chat Message Forward\tab PAGE DOWN
\par Save Chapter\tab F9
\par Save Game\tab F12
\par Send Chat Message\tab ENTER
\par Slow Down Game\tab NUM -
\par Speed Up Game\tab NUM +
\par Toggle Friend or Foe Colors\tab ALT+G
\par Toggle Mini-Map Terrain\tab Alt-M
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 
\par Scroll Commands:\tab }{\f2\fs20 Down 
\par Scroll Down\tab Left
\par Scroll Left\tab Right
\par Scroll Right\tab Up
\par Scroll Up\tab \~
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 
\par Build:\tab }{\f2\fs20 \~
\par Airbase\tab X
\par Animal Nursery\tab R
\par Aqua Harvester\tab G
\par Carbon Processing Center\tab S
\par Command Center\tab V
\par Farm\tab E
\par Food Processing Center\tab W
\par Fortress\tab V
\par Gate\tab D
\par Heavy Weapons Factory\tab Z
\par Jedi Temple\tab S
\par Lt. Wall\tab A
\par Mech Factory\tab A
\par Missile Turret\tab E
\par Monument\tab T
\par More Buildings\tab B
\par Nova Processing Center\tab F
\par Ore Processing Center\tab D
\par Power Core\tab A
\par Prefab Shelter\tab Q
\par Research Center\tab C
\par Sentry Post\tab Q
\par Shield Generator\tab Z
\par Shipyard\tab W
\par Spaceport\tab Z
\par Troop Center\tab Q
\par Turret\tab W
\par Wall\tab S
\par War Center\tab X
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 
\par Airbase:\tab }{\f2\fs20 \~
\par Fighter\tab A
\par Bomber\tab S
\par Transport\tab D
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 
\par Command Center:\tab }{\f2\fs20 \~
\par Activate Alert Beacon\tab B
\par Go Back to Work\tab W
\par Worker\tab A
\par Medic\tab S
\par Probot\tab D
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 
\par Food Processing Center:\tab }{\f2\fs20 \~
\par Queue Farm\tab F
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 
\par Shipyard\tab }{\f2\fs20 \~
\par Anti-Air Destroyer (Heavy)\tab D
\par Cruiser (Advanced)\tab F
\par Destroyer (Heavy)\tab S
\par Frigate (Light, Advanced)\tab A
\par Transport (Armored)\tab W
\par Utility Trawler\tab Q
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 
\par Troop Center:\tab }{\f2\fs20 \~
\par Anti-Air Trooper (Heavy)\tab S
\par Grenade Trooper\tab F
\par Mounted Trooper (Heavy, Advanced)\tab D
\par Trooper (Recruit, Heavy, Repeater)\tab A
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 
\par Mech Factory:\tab }{\f2\fs20 \~
\par Assault Mech. (Heavy, Advanced)\tab F
\par Mech. Destroyer (Heavy, Advanced)\tab D
\par Scout (Advanced)\tab A
\par Strike Mech. (Heavy)\tab S
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 
\par Heavy Weapons Factory:\tab }{\f2\fs20 \~
\par Anti-Air Mobile (Heavy)\tab D
\par Artillery (Heavy, Advanced)\tab S
\par Energy Ram (Heavy, Shielded)\tab A
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 
\par Jedi/Sith Temple:\tab }{\f2\fs20 \~
\par Padawan/Knight\tab S
\par Master \tab A
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 
\par Spaceport:\tab }{\f2\fs20 \~
\par Cargo Ship\tab F
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 
\par Military Units:\tab }{\f2\fs20 \~
\par Aggressive\tab A
\par Box\tab W
\par Defensive\tab D
\par Flank\tab F
\par Follow\tab Y
\par Guard\tab X
\par Line\tab Q
\par No Attack\tab O
\par Patrol\tab Z
\par Staggered\tab I
\par Stand Ground\tab M
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 
\par Fortress:\tab }{\f2\fs20 \~
\par Bounty Hunter\tab F
\par Cannon\tab S
\par Unique Unit\tab A
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 
\par Chat Commands:\tab }{\f2\fs20 \~
\par Chat to Team\tab ; (Semicolon)
\par Chat to Enemies\tab ! (Exclamation Point)
\par Chat to Everyone\tab * (Asterisk)
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cf1 
\par 
\par Multiplayer Chat Functions Not Listed
\par --------------------------------------
\par ; Semicolon allows you to chat with your team.
\par ! Exclamation point allows you to chat with your enemies.
\par * Asterisk allows you to chat with everyone.
\par Note: you have to insert each command in the chat window 
\par followed by your sentence.
\par 
\par 
\par Joystick and Gamepad Support
\par ----------------------------
\par Joystick and gamepad are not supported in }{\b\i Star Wars}{ }{\b\cf1 Galactic
\par Battlegrounds}{\b\i\cf1 .}{\cf1 
\par 
\par 
\par Additional Game Devices
\par ------------------------
\par We provide minimal support for both the Microsoft
\par Voice Commander, and Strategic Commander. You will find 
\par instructions in the Installed \'93Extras\'94 folder located at:
\par C:\\Program Files\\LucasArts Star Wars Galactic Battlegrounds\\
\par Game\\Extras. If you do not install to the default location,
\par you will need to modify this path accordingly.
\par 
\par General }{\b\i Star Wars}{ }{\b Galactic Battlegrounds}{\cf1  Information
\par ----------------------------------------------------
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f2\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Task Switching Causes Camera To Displace
\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1 ----------------------------------------}{\f2\fs20\cf1 
\par When task switching, the camera may be displaced on the map
\par after tasking back into the game. When this occurs, just
\par click on the mini-map to return focus to the correct 
\par location on the map. 
\par }{
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Copying Player, Campaigns And Scenarios To Other Computer
\par ---------------------------------------------------------
\par To transfer your player name and progress, you will need to
\par copy the Player.nfx from the folder where }{\b\i\f2\fs20\cf1 Star Wars}{\b\f2\fs20\cf1  Galactic
\par Battlegrounds}{\f2\fs20\cf1  is installed to the same location on the computer
\par where you wish to play the game. When you copy Player.nfx to a
\par computer that already contains a Player.nfx file, we recommend
\par that you rename the file on the computer where you are copying
\par the files so you do not overwrite the existing Player.nfx and
\par lose the campaign information.
\par 
\par To transfer campaigns, you need to copy the *.cpx files from
\par the Campaign folder to the Campaign folder, which is located
\par in the Game folder on the other computer. To transfer your
\par scenarios, copy the *.scx files from the Scenario folder to
\par the same folder on the second computer.
\par 
\par Maximum Filename Length For User-Created Scenarios
\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1 --------------------------------------------------}{\f2\fs20\cf1 
\par The maximum filename length for user-created scenarios is 
\par 37 characters. If a filename exceeds this limit, other users
\par will be unable to download and play the scenario.
\par 
\par Terrain Changes Do Not Appear On Mini-Map
\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1 -----------------------------------------}{\f2\fs20\cf1 
\par When working with the terrain }{\f2\fs20 Tools interface, if a player 
\par other than player one is selected, terrain changes will not 
\par be displayed on the mini-map.
\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Difficult To Build Shipyards
\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1 ----------------------------}{\f2\fs20\cf1 
\par When attempting to build shipyards, you need to place the 
\par shipyard in shallow water tiles. It is important to remember
\par this when working with water in the editor.
\par 
\par LAN Game Has Internet Message
\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1 -----------------------------}{\f2\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\f2\fs20 When you create a multiplayer game, you will receive a message
\par saying \'93Press ESC if the game is not created in 15 seconds. 
\par Also, make sure you are connected to the Internet before 
\par starting }{\b\i\f2\fs20 Star Wars}{\b\f2\fs20  Galactic Battlegrounds}{\f2\fs20 .\'94 Note: you do not 
\par need to connect to the Internet if you are starting a LAN 
\par game.}{\f2\fs20\cf2 
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 
\par Turning Off Cheat Codes
\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1 -----------------------}{\f2\fs20\cf1 
\par To turn off the cheat code you have activated simply type in 
\par the same cheat code again to turn it off.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\f2 Destroyer Droids Are Listed As Detector Units
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f2\fs20\cf1 ---------------------------------------------}{\f2\fs20\cf1 
\par In the help text for the Destroyer Droid located in the 
\par Fortress it states that the Destroyer droid is a detector
\par unit. This is not the case.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\f2 Capacity Upgrade For Air Transport
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f2\fs20\cf1 ----------------------------------}{\f2\fs20\cf1 
\par The tool tip for the Air transport mentions an upgrade to 
\par increase capacity located in the Air Base. This upgrade does 
\par not exist. 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cf1 
\par }{
\par ##############################################################
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \fi-1440\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\tx3240\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f2 
\par }\pard \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx3240\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2 \'a9 2001 LucasArts Entertainment Company LLC.  
\par \'a9 2001 Lucasfilm Ltd. & TM or \'ae as indicated.
\par All rights reserved.  Used under authorization.
\par }}